[Music]
you will live a long time have many
friends many experiences you will lose
all your money
don't worry you will get it all back
again and you will come back to buddy
and then I will teach you everything I
know with some guy who yes looks a
little like Yoda hands you a prophecy
you have to respond I get it it's you're
like crap right now just like a couple
of years ago when you were completely
consumed with being the perfect wife mom
when did you accept the life you had my
baby always searching for something
your underwear my cream just folded my
delicate oh my god baby you are in so
much trouble you know people start
resembling their dogs you used to look
like Steven I kind of look like David I
need to change since I was 15 I've
either been with a guy or breaking up
with a guy I have not given myself two
weeks of a breather just to deal with
myself
you want to go away for a year I used to
have this appetite for my life and it is
just gone I want to go someplace where I
can marvel at something
I'm going to Italy and then I'm going to
India and I'm going to end the year in
Bali
[Music]
I'm having a relationship with my pizza
this is my no carb Left Behind
experiment
[Applause]
[Music]
if you could clear out all that space in
your mind you have a doorway and you
know what the university do everything
else will take care of itself
[Music]